No
welcome to the super bomb survivor
commentary featuring kicky
but here's the deal though I've never
played super bombs in rila before so if
I suck don't get mad at me in the
comments get mad at Zeki cuz he's
wearing a fucking Turkey on his head it
yeah and it's really good man I mean
thanks for giving his past but you know
we still need the Thanksgiving spirit
going up got a represent take that
Thanksgiving now I'm talking about
humming explosions this is like a fan
video on steroids yeah busy kicky
licking my Dickey with a sticky you yeah
I won't add it shit out cuz one know
what I'm like it's my pastime I knew you
were trouble when you walked in so shame
on me now
ah too much screaming in this video its
start Oh
titty fuck oh okay well how's my skill I
don't know what this does I just hit at
the F button oh you you can use your
skill when you click ass I got flung off
the map good job anal monkeys calm I'm
frozen like the movie I finally organism
know well it like keeps you going makes
you want to play more because faith
interrupts a crumb 1 million trillion
times ok ok anyways robust machinima
always people say that I'm your best
voice actor and I think that's people
more like your fanboys no like
some supporter a Waltons no not like
like people friends friends of course
your friends of course I gotta say that
her mom's a fan she blows my day
actually I think she is no cuz a fan
blows and like and she blows my dick
like she so she grabbed the fan and fan
your dick no no she is a fan she blows
my dick
ha ha ha ha ha well I'm saying yay
finger crappy jokes with Dave bomb what
a fucking Turkey on your head cuz it's
Thanksgiving
no it's February 26 2015 at 6:02 p.m.
602 6gi ma i I would hate to be living
in your oh by the guys if you're
wondering why Zeki scrappy gamer visas
so latest cuz I'm it forced him to do
this video with me yeah he was editing
and then I caught him like Zeki to be in
this video he's like ok slave master
fave really yeah he's a bully you
shouldn't be bolder Ebola Ebola yet you
do know you do know that's a that joke
right with the chocolate joke chocolate
chocolate let the freaking bog fell
right next to you and I was seeing
Frosty the Snowman job so do today at
school I came up with a club banger and
I just fuckin I'm getting sucked by a
purple smoke dildo make that ass clap
like that ass clap that aspect that ass
clap crappy game reviews with the greats
xxx listen you you know this hobby
design hey there welcome to crappy game
reviews with the great zekrom today's
your honor we're looking at saving he's
right now
wearing the green set cross I'm not
ignoring the great Zekrom fate is
ignoring the great Zekrom I am the great
set Lama really yeah really yeah dr.
Fane is my favorite video Wow
boy you don't sound like him at all
Zakia I am Seki
I love epic Ricky you can't do it you
can't do it matter okay
he saw like hermit the Frog my rubber
Ducky's voice because you are the
replica can you imitate an ingénue angel
master can I be a ninja no my every noob
voice yeah I always hired Zach like if
there's a new character second you
always voice exit cuz sick is a good
noob like you really really do you want
to hear a joke that you probably won't
get what pussy bye thanks for watching